Add `AmqpDsn` class (#3254)
samuelcolvin/pydantic: docs/usage/types.md

`PostgresDsn`
: a postgres DSN style URL; see [URLs](#urls)

> `RabbitMqDsn`

Reviewer: I agree with @nuno-andre that `AmqpDsn` would probably be a better name.

> : a RabbitMQ DSN style URL; see [URLs](#urls)

Reviewer: Regard the screenshot of the other PR you asked about, I would just put something like
```suggestion
: an `AMQP` DSN style URL as used by RabitMQ, StormMQ, ActiveMQ etc.; see [URLs](#urls)
```

Author: Ah. :ok_hand:
